quickstart 1/ add quickstart_etl as the very basic template (#10483)
dagster-io/dagster: examples/quickstart_etl/README.md

# Dagster starter kit

This example is a starter kit for building a daily ETL pipeline. It showcases Dagster's basic features such as **[Assets](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/assets/software-defined-assets)** and **[Schedules](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/schedules)**. It also follows Dagster's recommendations on [using environment variables and secrets](https://docs.dagster.io/guides/dagster/using-environment-variables-and-secrets) to ensure the project is production-ready.

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Reviewer: The materializations in this example are pretty magical. On the one hand thats great, users don't have to worry about IO or resources as concepts when viewing this quickstart. On the other hand, it might be a little _too_ magical? 

 Maybe we could leave a breadcrumb in this "Understanding the Code" section that says something along the lines of: 
 
In this example, Dagster defaults to saving each asset to disk. In most projects, your assets will be materialized to a production system, see [some relevant link](...).

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Author: I intentionally didn't include IO managers or resources in this basic quickstart because I think it may overwhelm beginners. i'll add a section in readme, as well as comments in code to guide people to next steps.

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Reviewer 2: i like @slopp's suggestion on 'Understanding the Code'. I'm not sure if we were trying to balance targeting beginners vs people who have dagster knowledge, but if we are, i think we should err heavily on the side of assuming almost no foreknowledge of Dagster. 

1. Is there any helpful reading elsewhere that would be useful to prepare them? for ex. 
_Before you get started, reading 'How Dagster Works [article to be created],'ETL on Dagster [to be created] and [Airflow vs Dagster] to help you understand what we're talking ab_out. 

2. A more comprehensive listing of the features that the user will encounter in the document... for ex. 
_This example is a starter kit for building a daily ETL pipeline. It will show you how to take data from an API and materialize it into a source asset which is transformed over a few steps to materialize an asset output which helps visualize the data.  

In this quick start, you will learn: 
1. That ops (computations) jobs (sequences of computation) and assets (inputs/outputs) work together to transform data.  
3. How to use inputs/outputs on ops to create dependencies that inform Dagster about the relationship between steps 
4. Metadata can be added to your code to improve visualization in the UI (links to asset groups, descriptions, etc) 
5. Transformations can be triggered by a schedule you define separately in python. 
6. How to use Env Vars to store secrets to connect Dagster to other tools
7. How the different files inside a Dagster project are used.
 
To get the most out of this quick start repository, you'll want to look through the files and review the comments we've made for each section to see how things work._ 

I think we'll find that we're generally missing some high level introductions to some concepts that we want to explain more fully, so perhaps the links can be added later.

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Author: @erinkcochran87 and i are talking about updating the tutorial to use the quickstart script as a nux follow up. 
basically we can make the final outcome of our oss tutorial to be this quick start, and move the heavy product eduction part out of this README to living in tutorial which is a better form for beginners. Concretely, we can add a link to the tutorial at the beginning of this README for users who would like to learn by doing to get started with dagster.

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Reviewer 3: Would users need to get a github / hackernews API key to do the tutorial? That might be a source of friction.

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Author: hn apis don't require any token so a user can run through the tutorial with any extra step outside of dagster, which the main reason why i pivoted from github to hn.

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Reviewer 3: oh awesome

> This project is scaffolded with [`dagster project scaffold`](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/create-new-project).

Author: tracking here: https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/issues/10604

## Introduction

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/200668814-2c0be35e-25eb-4555-a3a5-f7e52ff792f4.png">
</p>

> In this project, we're building an analytical pipeline that:

Reviewer 3: I think it's worth adding some words explaining the point of this pipeline - e.g. "monitor the popularity of open source software projects" or whatever it is.

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/201304011-0c62ad06-36d8-4984-9278-b3b670254da3.png">
</p>

<TODO: explain word cloud plot 👇 . need to find a cloud friendly way to view the plot>

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/201312310-44fb053c-9352-498d-9c23-ab4d7be6afec.png">
</p>

## Step 3: Configuring data pipelines

You've got your first couple of assets generated. Let's add one more data source to the pipeline: GitHub.

Navigate to the `github` asset group and click `Materialize all`. When you try to materialize assets in this group, you may encounter the following error:
<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/200670846-625d1196-c421-4906-82fc-1d045c51e158.png">
</p>

<TODO: explain config and env vars>

### Step 3.1: Setting up GitHub Token

#### 1) Generating GitHub Personal Access Token

<TODO: how to generate github PAT>

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/201305411-76f0c39f-887b-4162-a15e-e41fba001320.png">
</p>

> #### 2) Adding the token as an environment variable

Reviewer 2: I think we need to clarify that option #2  is setting the secret locally with your terminal, and option #3 is setting secret with Dagster's Env Vars functionality on cloud.

> #### 2) Adding the token as an environment variable

Author: Yea I'll clarify about the local step.
 
I was imagining someone could do this sequentially:
1. clone the example / start with the nux
2. open the project locally. try running it locally. and therefore load the env vars locally
3. deploy it to dagster cloud

1. Add the token to your environment: `export MY_GITHUB_TOKEN="blahblahblah-todo-put-something-looks-like-a-token-here" inside either your `.bash_profile`, `.bashrc`, or `.zshrc`. *Important: You will need to `source` your bash profile (or restart the terminal) afterwards.
2. Verify you see your token: Open a new terminal and run `echo $MY_GITHUB_TOKEN`.
3. All set! Start `dagit` again and now you should be able to materialize all the `github` assets using your own GitHub token.

#### 3) (Dagster Cloud) Environment Variable page

<TODO: add env var to dagster cloud>

### Step 3.2: (Optional) Sampling data fetching

<details><summary>Expand to view</summary>

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/200671284-c716efa5-1a0f-4a54-a79b-5247f1589374.png">
</p>

> ```yaml

Author: good point. i ended up taking out the config part from this basic script. but i'll incorporate this one on the other examples

ops:
  hackernews_topstories:
    config:
      sample_size: 100
```

</details>

### Step 3.3: (Optional) Filtering stories by keyword

<details><summary>Expand to view</summary>

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/200671547-11073c00-fe35-4296-9457-b41a8e8ab395.png">
</p>

```yaml
ops:
  hackernews_stories_by_date:
    config:
      keyword: twitter
```

</details>

## Step 4: Turning on the daily schedule

> Go to <TODO: schedule page>. Turn on the schedule.

Reviewer 2: Should we talk about where to find the code that defines this schedule, or include a screenshot of it in the readme?

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/200672130-dd2f0cdc-e767-448b-9ed0-b05eaa4a9c69.png">
</p>

Congratulations 🎉 You now have a daily metrics report running in production!

## Learn more

<TODO: links to other post NUX guides>

> ### Adding new Python dependencies

Author: this is because users may wonder how to do it. it's not always obvious that `setup.py` is the recommended place - esp helpful in the serverless case because we control the docker image and it's installing dependencies based on `setup.py`

> ### Adding new Python dependencies

Reviewer: gotcha, makes sense

You can specify new Python dependencies in `setup.py`.

### (Optional) Unit testing

<details><summary>Expand to view</summary>

> Tests are in the `quickstart_etl_tests` directory and you can run tests using `pytest`:

Reviewer 2: it would be cool to actually include this as part of the main discussion. we talk about how Dagsters ability to test is what sets it apart from Airflow etc. Shouldn't we make that story front and center as part of the quick start? 

It may also make sense to even print the results of a run to a log somwhere as part of the testing story

## Introduction

<!-- V0 -->
<!-- <p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/200668814-2c0be35e-25eb-4555-a3a5-f7e52ff792f4.png">
</p> -->

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/201776202-af72aa4b-2d6d-4557-92f6-50046baabbc6.png">
</p>

In this project, we're building an analytical pipeline that:
* Fetches data from [HackerNews](https://github.com/HackerNews/API) and [GitHub](https://pygithub.readthedocs.io) APIs.
* Transforms and aggregates the collected data using [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/).
* Creates visualizations for exploratory analysis (e.g. [word cloud](https://github.com/amueller/word_cloud) based on trending HackerNews stories).
* Generates a daily metrics report.

## Getting started

### Option 1: Deploying it on Dagster Cloud

The easiest way to spin up your Dagster project is to use Dagster Cloud.

Check out the [Dagster Cloud Documentation](https://docs.dagster.io/dagster-cloud) to learn more.

<TODO: add a button to link to NUX template flow?>

### Option 2: Running it locally

> 

Reviewer 2: or at least, a link away to the instructions

> 

Author: the `pip install` cmd should cover the dagster and dagit installs

Bootstrap your own Dagster project with this example:

```bash
dagster project from-example --name my-dagster-project --example quickstart_etl
```

First, install your Dagster repository as a Python package. By using the --editable flag, pip will install your repository in ["editable mode"](https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/topics/local-project-installs/#editable-installs) so that as you develop, local code changes will automatically apply.

```bash
pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

Then, start the Dagit web server:

```bash
dagit
```

Open http://localhost:3000 with your browser to see the project.

You can start writing assets in `quickstart_etl/assets/`. The assets are automatically loaded into the Dagster repository as you define them.

<!-- ### Option 3: Running it in Gitpod
Open source friendly
<TODO: set up gitpod> -->

## Step 1: Materializing assets

> An asset is a software object that models a data asset, which can be a file in your filesystem, a table in a database, or a data report.

Author: updated the readme. but i didn't include the full explainer about assets and dependencies. plan to save it for the tutorial.

Navigate to `hackernews` asset group. You will find four assets with different tags in the group:
* `hackernews_topstory_ids` fetches a list of top story ids from a HackerNews endpoint
* `hackernews_topstories` takes the list of ids and pulls the story details from HackerNews based on the ids.
* `hackernews_stories_by_date` aggregates stories by date, which later will be used to generate a metrics report.
* `hackernews_stories_word_cloud` explores the dataset by visualizing the word cloud of trending story titles.

> 

Author: updated

<!-- V0 -->
<!-- <p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/200672470-fe8c7880-6fb7-4ec7-b5a6-c167416cbf1c.png">
</p> -->

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/201776745-4aeb3e2c-bc45-425d-9bec-c49166eb7b05.png">
</p>

> Click `Materialize all`. Now you've launched a Dagster run and it will materialize all the assets in this group. *(It may take 1-2 minutes to fetch all top 500 stories from HackerNews).*

Reviewer 2: You'll notice that the data about when the asset was last updated will change to reflect this most recent materialization

## Step 2: Viewing assets

Once the run finishes, go to <TODO: relative url?>. You can now find a preview of the asset you just materialized.

<TODO: point out dataframe preview. explain asset metadata>

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/201304011-0c62ad06-36d8-4984-9278-b3b670254da3.png">
</p>

<TODO: explain word cloud plot 👇 . need to find a cloud friendly way to view the plot>

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4531914/201312310-44fb053c-9352-498d-9c23-ab4d7be6afec.png">
</p>

## Step 3: Configuring data pipelines

You've got your first couple of assets generated. Let's add one more data source to the pipeline: GitHub.

> Navigate to the `github` asset group and click `Materialize all`. When you try to materialize assets in this group, you may encounter the following error:

Reviewer 2: you *will* encounter this error, and that's because we need to add some secrets!

Also, I think we should call out that there are four options for how a user could add secrets here: 

1. GH PAT token
2. Adding a secret via the terminal
3. Adding a secret via Dagster's Cloud Env Vars
4. Adding secrets via a 3rd party secrets manager <- we should include this as an option, right?

Author: i ended up simplifying this quickstart a lot and made it that 1) it focuses on dagster basics and aims to show the real value (plot in asset metadata) within the first run. 2) it now doesn't interact with env vars, so we'll include the env var section in our quickstarts (snowflake, dbt, etc - all other ones) instead.

- Creates a [word cloud](https://github.com/amueller/word_cloud) based on trending HackerNews stories to visualize popular topics on HackerNews.

## Getting started

### Option 1: Deploying it on Dagster Cloud

The easiest way to spin up your Dagster project is to use [Dagster Serverless](https://docs.dagster.io/dagster-cloud/deployment/serverless). It provides out-of-the-box CI/CD and native branching that make development and deployment easy.

Check out the [Dagster Cloud](https://dagster.io/cloud) to get started.

### Option 2: Running it locally

Bootstrap your own Dagster project with this example:

```bash
dagster project from-example --name my-dagster-project --example quickstart_etl
```

First, install your Dagster repository as a Python package. By using the --editable flag, pip will install your repository in ["editable mode"](https://pip.pypa.io/en/latest/topics/local-project-installs/#editable-installs) so that as you develop, local code changes will automatically apply. Check out [Dagster Installation](https://docs.dagster.io/getting-started/install) for more information.

```bash
pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

Then, start the Dagit web server:

```bash
dagit
```

> Open http://localhost:3000 with your browser to see the project.

Author: i feel nah

- `hackernews_topstory_ids` fetches a list of top story ids from a HackerNews endpoint.
- `hackernews_topstories` takes the list of ids and pulls the story details from HackerNews based on the ids.
- `hackernews_stories_word_cloud` visualizes the trending topics in a word cloud.

Dagster visualizes upstream and downstream dependencies vertically. Nodes below other nodes connected by arrows implies a dependency relationship. So we can tell from the UI that the asset `hackernews_topstories` depends on `hackernews_topstory_ids` (i.e. `hackernews_topstories` takes `hackernews_topstory_ids`'s output as an input) and `hackernews_stories_word_cloud` depends on `hackernews_topstories`.

An asset is a software object that models a data asset, which can be a file in your filesystem, a table in a database, or a data report. All three assets are defined [in `quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py`](./quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py). Typically, you'll define assets by annotating ordinary Python functions with the [`@asset`](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/assets/software-defined-assets#a-basic-software-defined-asset) decorator. This project comes with ways to better organize the assets:

> - You'll find the assets are tagged with different kinds, such as `HackerNews API` and `Plot`. This is defined in code via the `compute_kind` argument to the `@asset` decorator. It can be any string value that represents the kind of computation that produces the asset and will be displayed in the UI as a badge on the asset -- It helps understand the data logic quickly from a bird's eye view.

Author: `badge` it is then. that's the word we use in the api doc

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-1-3-view-run.png" />
</p>

You'll see an indicator pops up with the launched run ID. You can click "View" to monitor the run in real-time. This will open a new tab in your browser:

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-1-4-compute-logs.png" />
</p>

The process will run for a bit. While it's running, you should see the real-time compute logs printed in the UI. *(It may take 1-2 minutes to fetch all top 500 stories from HackerNews in the `hackernews_topstories` step).*

## Step 2: Viewing and monitoring assets

> When the run completes, you'll see a metadata called `plot` that's attached to an "ASSET_MATERIALIZATION" event and it should be in the Markdown format.

Author: i told sean's suggestion and updated this to include more metadata explanation

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-2-7-view-assets.png" />
</p>

This metadata would be useful for monitoring and maintaining the asset as you iterate. Similarly, we've also recorded some metadata in the `hackernews_topstories` asset. You can filter the compute logs by typing the asset name (e.g. `hackernews_topstories`) or the event type (e.g. `type:ASSET_MATERIALIZATION`) in the "Log Filter" input box:

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-2-8-filter.png" />
</p>

> Then, you can find the `hackernews_topstories` asset has two metadata entries: `num_records` and `preview`. Both are defined [in `quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py`](./quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py), in which we record the first five rows of the output Pandas DataFrame in the `preview` metadata entry as Markdown type -- This could help debug and keep your assets easily monitored. Click "Show Markdown", and you will see the preview of the output data frame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can find the `hackernews_topstories` asset has two metadata entries: `num_records` and `preview`. Both are defined [in `quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py`](./quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py), in which we record the first five rows of the output Pandas DataFrame in the `preview` metadata entry. Click "Show Markdown", and you will see the preview of the output data frame:
```

> Then, you can find the `hackernews_topstories` asset has two metadata entries: `num_records` and `preview`. Both are defined [in `quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py`](./quickstart_etl/assets/hackernews.py), in which we record the first five rows of the output Pandas DataFrame in the `preview` metadata entry as Markdown type -- This could help debug and keep your assets easily monitored. Click "Show Markdown", and you will see the preview of the output data frame:

Author: "using the Markdown type" then

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-2-9-preview.png" />
</p>

Note: You'll find a `path` metadata attached to every asset. This is because by default assets are materialized to pickle files on your local filesystem. In most projects, your assets will be materialized to a production system, and you can fully customize the I/O using [I/O managers](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/io-management/io-managers).

## Step 3: Scheduling a daily job

Finally, let's refresh our plots every day, so we can monitor the popular topics over time. To do so, we can use [Schedules](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/schedules#schedules).

> We've defined a daily schedule in [quickstart_etl/repository.py](./quickstart_etl/repository.py) (which is Dagster's word for "project") for all assets that are defined in the [quickstart_etl/assets/](./quickstart_etl/assets) module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've defined a daily schedule and job in [quickstart_etl/repository.py](./quickstart_etl/repository.py)  for all assets that are defined in the [quickstart_etl/assets/](./quickstart_etl/assets) module.
```

> Now, let's set up the daily job with Dagster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's turn on the daily schedule within Dagster.
```

> In the UI, clicking "all_assets_job" in the left nav will bring you to the job definition page. In the left nav, it indicates the `all_assets_job` has a schedule associated with it; on the job page, you will find more info about the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the UI, clicking "all_assets_job" in the left nav will bring you to the job definition page. In the left nav, it indicates the `all_assets_job` has a schedule associated with it; on the schedules page, you will find more info about the schedule.
```

> In the UI, clicking "all_assets_job" in the left nav will bring you to the job definition page. In the left nav, it indicates the `all_assets_job` has a schedule associated with it; on the job page, you will find more info about the schedule.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In the left nav, locate the **all_assets_job** and take note of the clock icon. This icon indicates that the job has a schedule associated with it.

Click **all_assets_job** to open the Job definition page. On this page is more info about the schedule:
```

I had to read this and open the image to figure out exactly what was being highlighted. Suggesting we specifically call out the icon indicating an attached schedule, and separate the step navigating into the Job definition page to make both things a bit clearer.

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-3-1-schedule-off.png" />
</p>

>  You can simply turn on the schedule switch to set up the daily job we defined in [quickstart_etl/repository.py](./quickstart_etl/repository.py).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 Turn on the schedule switch to set up the daily job we defined in [`quickstart_etl/repository.py`](./quickstart_etl/repository.py):
```

Nit - I'm personally not a fan of using words like `simply` to describe actions in tech docs/guides. What we consider to be simple may not be by someone else, and it also adds fluff. 🤷‍♀️

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-3-2-schedule-on.png" />
</p>

### (Optional) Running daemon locally

If you're running Dagster locally, you will see a warning that your daemon isn’t running.

<p align="center">
    <img height="300" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-3-3-daemon-warning.png" />
</p>

<details><summary>👈 Expand to learn how to set up a local daemon</summary>

> If you want to enable Dagster [Schedules](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/schedules) for your jobs, start the [Dagster Daemon](https://docs.dagster.io/deployment/dagster-daemon) process in the same folder as your `workspace.yaml` file, but in a different shell or terminal.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want to enable Dagster [schedules](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/schedules) for your jobs, start the [Dagster daemon](https://docs.dagster.io/deployment/dagster-daemon) process in the same folder as your `workspace.yaml` file, but in a different shell or terminal.
```

Concepts don't need to be capitalized

> The `$DAGSTER_HOME` environment variable must be set to a directory for the daemon to work. Note: using directories within /tmp may cause issues. See [Dagster Instance default local behavior](https://docs.dagster.io/deployment/dagster-instance#default-local-behavior) for more details.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `$DAGSTER_HOME` environment variable must be set to a directory for the daemon to work. Note: using directories within `/tmp` may cause issues. See [Dagster Instance default local behavior](https://docs.dagster.io/deployment/dagster-instance#default-local-behavior) for more details.
```

In this case, go to the project root directory and run:
```bash
dagster-daemon run
```

> Once your Dagster Daemon is running, the schedules that are turned on will start running.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Once your Dagster daemon is running, the schedules that are turned on will start running:
```

Capitalization

I also keep wanting this to be `demon` 😈

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/step-3-4-daemon-on.png" />
</p>

</details>

<br />
<br />

Congratulations 🎉 You now have a daily job running in production!

---
## Learning more

### Changing the code locally

> When developing pipelines locally with the UI, be sure to click the "Reload definitions" button when you change the code. This ensures that the UI picks up the latest changes you made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing pipelines locally, be sure to click the "Reload definitions" button in the Dagster UI after you change the code. This ensures that Dagster picks up the latest changes you made.
```

> When developing pipelines locally with the UI, be sure to click the "Reload definitions" button when you change the code. This ensures that the UI picks up the latest changes you made.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When developing pipelines locally with the UI, be sure to click the **Reload definitions** button when you change the code. This ensures that the UI picks up the latest changes you made.
```

> You can reload the code in the "Deployment" page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can reload the code using the "Deployment" page:
```

Should we make page names bold as well? In some places, page names don't have quotes but it does here.

<details><summary>👈 Expand to view the screenshot</summary>

<p align="center">
    <img height="500" src="../../docs/next/public/images/quickstarts/basic/more-reload-code.png" />
</p>

</details>

> Or, from the left nav or on each job page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Or from the left nav or on each job page:
```

Adding a colon to be consistent with the previous paragraph. It also took me a minute when looking at the rendered version to realize this line wasn't attached to the image that immediately comes before it.
